Do not cache GraphQL errors (#1000)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/hydrogen/src/foundation/useQuery/README.md

The `queryOptions` object accepts the following properties:

| Key                   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| --------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `cache`               | No       | The [caching strategy](/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/framework/cache#caching-strategies) to help you determine which cache control header to set.                                                               |
| `preload`             | No       | Whether to [preload the query](/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/framework/preloaded-queries). Defaults to `false`. Specify `true` to preload the query for the URL or `'*'` to preload the query for all requests. |

> | `shouldCacheResponse` | No       | Function to optionally inspect the response body to determine if it should be cached.                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `shouldCacheResponse` | No       | A function that inspects the response body to determine if it should be cached.                                                                                                                          |
```

Reviewer: I think we can safely leave out the term `optionally` here, as this argument is already marked as not required in the table.
